---
layout: project
title:  "YOUR PROJECT NAME"
date:   2014-04-25 16:54:46
author: Juan Carlos Cancela
categories:
- project
img: portfolio_07.jpg
thumb: thumb02.jpg
carousel:
- single01.jpg
- single02.jpg
- single03.jpg
client: Wonder Corp.
website: http://www.tbxnet.com
---
####Description
TBD

####My Work
* Provided guidance designing and developing a HAL based RESTful architecture, as well as defined a new software stack conformed by Nginx + NodeJs + MongoDB
* Designed and implemented a continuous deployment pipeline using Jetbrains TeamCity and Grunt.
* Designed and implemented a token based service to augment authentication platform.
* Designed and implemented a TV Everywhere platform activities service used both for logging and authentication caching. Prepared and tested under high concurrency scenarios.
* Defined and implemented a convenient Git branch strategy for all existing projects.
* Collaborated actively migrating VCS from GitHub to BitBucket.
* Implemented common standard libraries both for Java and NodeJs, providing standardized Date, Event, Error and Exception structures.
* Designed and implemented real time monitoring service to control current status of third party services.
* Collaborated actively implementing infrastructure automation using Ansible.
* Collaborated actively defining a Scrum based project life-cycle using Atlassian JIRA platform. 
* Implemented multiple proofs of concept using linux based dongles, Smart TV Alliance SDK, Samsung SDK and Android. 
* Implemented and regularly updated Toolbox Development Wiki.